Date: Fri, Jul 10, 2026 at 1:05 PM
Subject: [Account Team MSA Notification] [Action Required] Migrate Dataflow workers off Streaming Engine legacy runner before Nov 14, 2026

Hello Account Teams,

TLDR: To inform customers that the legacy streaming runner is being discontinued and pipelines must be redeployed on Streaming Engine with the current Apache Beam SDK.

Your customers listed below will receive a version of the following notification on July 24, 2026. The version below may undergo additional edits. To view the most up-to-date version, please refer to the Communications doc. Support resources here: go/model-migrations.

Please do not forward this email or the document linked above directly to your customers as it may contain some internal links or sensitive details. Please extract and share any relevant information separately.

Key details:

MSA Bug ID	b/515228740
Launch Owner	mreinholt - mreinholt@google.com

Message Target Audience

The recipient list filters chosen for this MSA communication were determined by mreinholt.

Audience:
External (non @google.com addresses)
Recipients:
Project Owners
Billing Admins
Essential Contacts:
Technical

Customer MSA Subject

[Action Required] Migrate Dataflow workers off Streaming Engine legacy runner before Nov 14, 2026

Does this notification require proactive TAM follow up with customers?

Yes

Does this message require customers to take action?

Yes

Could that action taken by customers lead to cost implications?

Yes

Are Reminder MSAs planned for this notification?

No

Planned Reminder Dates, if known

No Reminder Dates

Is there a hard deadline for customers to complete specific action items?

Yes

November 14, 2026

Action items for Account Teams:

If the affected customers below are not your customers, please contact the appropriate role-based alias to update the customer database. If you're no longer in this role, please forward this message to your backfill.
After the MSA is sent, use go/msa-vault to review the customer email addresses that received the MSA. Refer to go/cloud-msa-vault for more information.

List of your affected customers:

Woolworths Group Limited
News Corporate Services Inc.
Nationwide News Pty Ltd
Fairfax MEDIA Management Pty Limited
TEG PTY LTD

Thank you for your attention to these details. If you have questions/feedback about the MSA process, please share it at go/msa-questions.

Customer message:

Hello Dataflow customer,

You are receiving this communication because one or more of your projects run streaming pipelines on the legacy runner.

We will discontinue the legacy streaming runner on November 14, 2026. Pipelines that have not been redeployed by that date will be drained.

What you need to know

Key change: The legacy streaming runner is discontinued on November 14, 2026.

Impacted customers/accounts:

Your affected projects are listed below:

${project.project_id}

What you need to do

Action required before November 14, 2026:

Upgrade your SDK: Move to a supported Apache Beam SDK version.
Redeploy with Streaming Engine: Enable Streaming Engine and validate throughput, watermark behavior, and autoscaling.
Review pricing: Streaming Engine bills separately for compute and streaming data processed. Evaluate the Dataflow pricing documentation.

We're here to help

Review the Streaming Engine documentation and the pipeline update guide.

If you have any questions or need help, contact Google Cloud Support.

Thanks for choosing Dataflow.

- The Google Cloud Team
